Money manager, this is the three-layer space method of Longevity Technique that was stolen from Thanh Thanh sect.
It will definitely be helpful for you.
So Pham Hien thanked in advance.
Where do we go now?
Of course I teach magic.
Then listen to me.
Go, go.
See Tuong Van
There is no full version of Truong Sinh.
I can still live forever.
Ha ha ha
Why does it smell like urine?
It must be this smell, congratulations to boss To's plan for success.
Use that empty door to get the elixir of life.
Can be the eternal leader of martial arts world
Ha ha ha
After the work of the Demon Cult is finished.
Take the martial arts leader Quach Lang Thien and capture the Devil Sect.
As long as Guo Lingtian dies
I will talk to the outside.
Said to be the remnants of Brown village to take revenge on the martial arts world.
Kill the martial arts lord.
The position of this leader is the empty space.
But sir.
If we run for office
There doesn't seem to be much of an advantage.
Put those disobedient sects
Remove all.
Then put all the blame on me for the cruelty of the village elders.
Discredit them.
Ultimately, we are taking risks.
Check wrong.
Revenge for Guo Ling Tian
Appointed as martial arts leader
It's just what happens.
The subordinate understood.
Your subordinate is right.